I just need your help for a sec it was
it is now an antique this is what will
be keeping me alive for the foreseeable
future I'm swapping it out for an
upgraded unit we just ran into a little
speed bump speed bomb what do you what
is that no there's just a little snag
there's an exposed wire under this
device and it's contacting the table
over there that is thorough I just want
you to reach in and you're just gonna
gently lift the wire out is it safe
yeah it should be fun it's like
operation you just don't let it touch
the socket wall it does beep what do you
mean not very it's just a game never
mind just gently lift the wire okay you
know I I don't think that I'm qualified
to do this you're fine you are the most
capable qualified trustworthy person
I've ever met
integrate is it too much for problem to
ask cuz I'm okay okay I need your help
here
oh it's not pasta sand in my class make
discharges from the device not from my
body
yeah it does the copper wire copper wire
you all right sides winner coming up
that's what I was trying to say before
okay now make sure that when you pull it
out you don't pull out the at the end of
it that was it you just pulled out
nothing I'm just going into cardiac
arrest cuz you yank I thought this was
safer we gotta take this to kind of
switch it really quickly okay Jody what
it's gonna be okay okay it's gonna be
okay
I I know we're gonna make this okay okay
you're gonna attach that to the base
plate and make
[Music]